length in the slice function must be constant. (#2589)
vyperlang/vyper: docs/built-in-functions.rst

    * ``b``: value being sliced
    * ``start``: start position of the slice

>     * ``length``: length of the slice, must be constant. Immutable variable doesn't supported.

Reviewer: Grammar nit:
`Immutables and variables are not supported`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * ``length``: length of the slice, must be constant. Immutables and variables are not supported.
```
